Husband,
I'm being bullied at Li Corporation
They even got physical with me
What?
Mrs. Zhang
Are you still at the company?
I'll be right there
Wait here,
he's coming
none of you are leaving
Mrs. Zhang
I was blind
I didn’t recognize greatness
I apologize to you,
it was all this girl
She deceived me
What good is an apology?
This girl made me angry
and hasn’t apologized to me
Jian Dao,
apologize to Mrs. Zhang, now
That's right, Jian Dao
apologize quickly
Mr. Zhang will be here soon
When Zhang Wen Xu arrives
I’ll ask him
how many wives he has
You think when Wen Xu arrives
he'll help you?
Jiang Yu Yong
This is Li Corporation
Zhang Wen Xu knows what to do
to protect his reputation
Empty threats
Let me tell you
Before Wen Xu arrives
if Jian Dao doesn’t kneel and apologize to me
none of you will escape the consequences
Jian Dao
kneel and apologize to Mrs. Zhang
Let me tell you
Some mistakes
are enough to make only once
Stop,
you know what the truth is
Apologize to everyone
Otherwise
don’t make me act
Don’t touch me, or you’ll regret it
Regret it?
I’ll make you regret ever coming into this world
Kneel
You
Stop right there
Who gave you permission to do that to Mrs. Zhang?
Mrs. Zhang?